NIV VERSION


📖8 I baptize you with[e] water, but he will baptize you with[f] the Holy Spirit.”

Mark 1:8
Message -> Jesus is the baptizer of holy spirit, so after getting saved by, God go and be baptized and Jesus will baptize you with the Holy Spirit
            Jesus do not baptize you physically but spiritually.


📖23 Just then a man in their synagogue who was possessed by an impure spirit cried out, 
📖24 “What do you want with us, Jesus of Nazareth? Have you come to destroy us? I know who you are—the Holy One of God!”

Mark 1:23-24
Message -> Even the demons, knew and believe. But doesn't obey, commandments.


📖17 And when Jesus heard it, he said to them, “Those who are well have no need of a physician, but those who are sick. I came not to call the righteous, but sinners.”

Mark 2:17
Message -> God really came down on earth, for us to be saved, how merciful he is, even tho we don't deserve it God still did it.


📖20 The days will come when the bridegroom is taken away from them, and then they will fast in that day.

Mark 2:20
Message -> To this day it is happening, the bridegroom is really was taken BUT the bridegroom has already done things, for us to be saved and the bridegroom is Jesus Christ


📖29 but whoever blasphemes against the Holy Spirit will never be forgiven; they are guilty of an eternal sin

Mark 3:29
Message -> The blasphemy against the Holy Spirit is an another meaning for a person to not believe in Jesus or deny Jesus deity, and never willing to believe in God in his/her whole life.


📖31 Then Jesus’ mother and brothers arrived. Standing outside, they sent someone in to call him.
📖32 A crowd was sitting around him, and they told him, “Your mother and brothers are outside looking for you.”
📖33 “Who are my mother and my brothers?” he asked.
📖34 Then he looked at those seated in a circle around him and said, “Here are my mother and my brothers!
📖35 Whoever does God’s will is my brother and sister and mother.”

Mark 3:31-35
Message -> Even Jesus doesn't make his families higher, he makes everyone as if it's his families the everyone i am talking about is the peoples who does the will of God 


📖18 Still others, like seed sown among thorns, hear the word; 
📖19 but the worries of this life, the deceitfulness of wealth and the desires for other things come in and choke the word, making it unfruitful.

Mark 4:18-19
Message -> I will forever remember this verse because in my current life it describes me, so that doesn't mean i will stay like this im so glad
            God revealed me this verse.


📖21 When Jesus had again crossed over by boat to the other side of the lake, a large crowd gathered around him while he was by the lake. 
📖22 Then one of the synagogue leaders, named Jairus, came, and when he saw Jesus, he fell at his feet. 
📖23 He pleaded earnestly with him, “My little daughter is dying. Please come and put your hands on her so that she will be healed and live.” 
📖24 So Jesus went with him. A large crowd followed and pressed around him. 
📖25 And a woman was there who had been subject to bleeding for twelve years. 
📖26 She had suffered a great deal under the care of many doctors and had spent all she had, yet instead of getting better she grew worse. 
📖27 When she heard about Jesus, she came up behind him in the crowd and touched his cloak, 
📖28 because she thought, “If I just touch his clothes, I will be healed.” 
📖29 Immediately her bleeding stopped and she felt in her body that she was freed from her suffering.

Mark 5:21-29
Message -> What i received is that, even if your faith is like as small as a mustard seed, and make sure your really willing to
            accept God, God will still accept it and it will grow ten thousands of height.


📖4 Jesus said to them, “A prophet is not without honor except in his own town, among his relatives and in his own home.”

Mark 6:4
Warning -> Even when you're not a prophet you will still get treated like this. Jesus said "The world will hate you because of me, but take heart
            for i have overcome the world." Jesus prepared to said to us that if we serve him sinful people will charge against us, but never ever
            give the enemy's a footstool in our faith.
