🟩Next Chapter🟩 https://www.bible.com/bible/111/MAT._.NIV
--Niv Versions

📖'But after he had considered this, an angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream and said, “Joseph son of David, do not be afraid to take Mary home as your wife, because what is conceived in her is from the Holy Spirit. '

Matthew 1:20
Impact--👉Away kahadlok kung ang saad kay saad sa Ginoo.


📖'and saying, “Repent, for the kingdom of heaven has come near.”

Matthew 3:2
Impact--👉Repent while your still breathing, pasalamat sa Ginoo nga naa paka ana nga situation, it means that God really have mercy for you repent.


📖'Produce fruit in keeping with repentance. '

Matthew 3:8
Impact--👉This is the importance of repentance, especially sa relationship nimo sa Ginoo, that if you repent you will produce good fruits of the holy
           spirit.


📖'Jesus answered, “It is written: ‘Man shall not live on bread alone, but on every word that comes from the mouth of God.’ ” '

Matthew 4:4
Impact--👉Ayaw pag kinabuhi nga pagkaon lang ug tubig, instead pag kinabuhi basi sa pulong sa Ginoo.


📖'Jesus said to him, “Away from me, Satan! For it is written: ‘Worship the Lord your God, and serve him only.’ ” '

Matthew 4:10
Impact--👉Pag worship sa Ginoo kung onsa may circumstancya.


📖'From that time on Jesus began to preach, “Repent, for the kingdom of heaven has come near.” '

Matthew 4:17
Impact--👉Pag hinulsol kay naa pakay time ayaw hulati nga wala nakay time.


📖'Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God.

Matthew 5:9
Impact--👉We Children of God kay peacemaker so when their is trouble we make them peace with God, obey God instead of denying him.


📖'In the same way, let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven. '

Matthew 5:16
Impact--👉Pag mag too sa Ginoo kinasingkasing, ug gusto nimo maluwas ang imung family buhata kung onsay gibuhat ni Jesus Christ
           Para makakita ang mga tao kung onsa gyud ang salvation ni Jesus Christ.


📖'But I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, '

Matthew 5:44
Impact--👉Love your enemies no matter what they have done, inana ang Ginoo perfecto kay bisag kinsa paka dawaton ka niya


📖“So when you give to the needy, do not announce it with trumpets, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and on the streets, to be honored by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full. '

Matthew 6:2
Impact-Warning-👉Ayaw pag himo ug mga video nga nag tabang ka sa mga tao nga looy, do it in secret kay ang Ginoo makakita kung
                 onsa imung gibuhat nga matarong nga walay lain tao nakakita.


📖“Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? '
📖'Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? '
📖'Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life ? '
📖“And why do you worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. '
📖'Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. '
📖'If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you—you of little faith? '
📖'So do not worry, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ '
📖'For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. '
📖'But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. '
📖'Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.'

Matthew 6:25-34
Impact-Warning-👉Ayaw ka hadlok kung onsay ugma, onsay kaonon or onsay im-non, nakalimot naba ka nga ang Ginoo dili bakakon
                 ingon iyang pulong i shall provide you, the things that you need so nganong mahadlok man ka or mag worry onsay
                 mahitabo sa onahan ayaw ka hadlok kay ang Ginoo naa saatong tapad pirminti.



📖[1]  “Do not judge, or you too will be judged. 
📖[2] For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged, and with the measure you use, it will be measured to you.

Matthew 7:1-2
Warning-👉Ayaw pag judge sa uban kung unsay image, gi-buhat, situation, etc. Nga naa sa ilaha kay kung mag in-ana man gani e-judge ka sa Ginoo kung unsa pud tung imong gi-pang buhat nga daotan. Look at yourself, don't rudely judge.


📖[6]  “Do not give dogs what is sacred; do not throw your pearls to pigs. If you do, they may trample them under their feet, and turn and tear you to pieces.

Matthew 7:6
Warning-👉Ayaw isaba kung unsay importante or valuable sa imo nga ikaw ra makabalo.


📖[7]  “Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you. 
📖[8] For everyone who asks receives; the one who seeks finds; and to the one who knocks, the door will be opened

Matthew 7:7-8
Promise-👉Pag ask sa Ginoo tapos pag take action with God to know the answer.


📖[13]  “Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. 
📖[14] But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it.

Matthew 7:13-14
Message-👉how you live, determines your gate its either narrow gate OR broad gate.(Narrow Gate) The person who's trusting God will have many problems and breakthroughs,(Broad Gate) the person who follows the world is like a blinded man walking in darkness doing one thing, which is foolishness.


📖[21]  “Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven. 
📖[22] Many will say to me on that day, ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name and in your name drive out demons and in your name perform many miracles?’ 
📖[23] Then I will tell them plainly, ‘I never knew you. Away from me, you evildoers!’

Matthew 7:21-23
Warning-👉The person who goes to heaven is a person who does the will of our father God. The person who reads bible, go to church, prays to God BUT doesn't change him/her self the way God design as or his will to be, is not gonna go to heaven, because Jesus is a merciful God that you were given chance to REPENT but you just didn't even while knowing the truth, having the chance to REPENT, while breathing. If you look how blessed you were that day, your gonna thank God.


📖'But Jesus told him, “Follow me, and let the dead bury their own dead.” '

Matthew 8:22
Message-👉Repent and commit to God.


📖'Some men brought to him a paralyzed man, lying on a mat. When Jesus saw their faith, he said to the man, “Take heart, son; your sins are forgiven.” '

Matthew 9:2
Message-👉If you have faith in Jesus Christ you are saved what i mean by faith is genuine faith, having genuine faith means that you will have the will to follow Christ and his teachings,
           always have faith in him, no matter the circumstances.


📖'But I want you to know that the Son of Man has authority on earth to forgive sins.” So he said to the paralyzed man, “Get up, take your mat and go home.” '

Matthew 9:6
Message-👉Don't say that Jesus is only a man, he is a God and Lord.


📖'On hearing this, Jesus said, “It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick. '

Matthew 9:12
Message-👉A man without Jesus Christ in his life is like a homeless man, looking for the food, the food that is already on his front. Living in earth, while denying the chance to serve
          God is like a single thread hanging on a 0.01 inch stick, if you look how bless you are when you are in earth, you'll thank God.


📖'But go and learn what this means: ‘I desire mercy, not sacrifice.’ For I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners.” '

Matthew 9:13
Message-👉Thank you lord for coming into this sinful world, without you i am nothing.


📖'Jesus answered, “How can the guests of the bridegroom mourn while he is with them? The time will come when the bridegroom will be taken from them; then they will fast. '

Matthew 9:15
Warning-👉Always be on fire kay Lord, there will be a time where the troubles and problems will come.


📖'Then he said to his disciples, “The harvest is plentiful but the workers are few. '

Matthew 9:37
Message-👉The people who will tell other people about Jesus Christ salvation are few, so don't be selfish if you still have the time to tell other people about Jesus Christ, its like planting
           a seed, you don't really know if it will grow or don't just plant seeds and you'll thank God.


📖'You will be hated by everyone because of me, but the one who stands firm to the end will be saved. '

Matthew 10:22
Message-👉You will be persecuted tungod ni Jesus Christ, thats why the road to heaven is like a narrow pathway that you need to go
           through.


📖'Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather, be afraid of the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell. '

Matthew 10:28
Promise-👉Ayaw ka hadlok sa mag patay sa imung flesh, kahadloki ang Ginoo, siya ang naay power nga patyon ka in soul and flesh.


📖'But whoever disowns me before others, I will disown before my Father in heaven. '

Matthew 10:33
Warning-👉I repeat whatever circumstances worship him, serve him and be disciplined by him.


[10] This is the one about whom it is written: “ ‘I will send my messenger ahead of you, who will prepare your way before you.’

Matthew 11:10
Promise-👉Jesus the God who will prepare our way to heaven, he who let us through the narrow path. 


📖[29] Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. 


Matthew 11:29
Promise--👉God, and Jesus Christ our Lord promise that if you serve him, disciplined by him, in the end you will see such a beautiful thing than you could imagine. He will rest your heart and soul, how great is our God!


📖'If you had known what these words mean, ‘I desire mercy, not sacrifice,’ you would not have condemned the innocent. '

Matthew 12:7
Message--👉Jesus Christ is the kind of God that will get you out in any bad situation, for he desires mercy not sacrifice thanks God.


📖' “Whoever is not with me is against me, and whoever does not gather with me scatters. '

Matthew 12:30
Message--👉In any circumstances always be with God and Jesus Christ.


📖'And so I tell you, every kind of sin and slander can be forgiven, but blasphemy against the Spirit will not be forgiven. '

Matthew 12:31
Warning--👉Blasphemy against the Holy Spirit is like a person that does not serve or have faith in Jesus Christ until his death.


📖'Anyone who speaks a word against the Son of Man will be forgiven, but anyone who speaks against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven, either in this age or in the age to come. '

Matthew 12:32
Warning--👉If you don't feel the guilt when you sinned, that means the Holy Spirit is not with you. Make your eyes see good things!


📖' “Make a tree good and its fruit will be good, or make a tree bad and its fruit will be bad, for a tree is recognized by its fruit. '

Matthew 12:33
Message--👉Sow seeds in a good place, don't sow seeds in bad place, for these will not grow. Sow seeds on people's heart through speaking them about God, and Jesus Christ's mercy.


'You brood of vipers, how can you who are evil say anything good? For the mouth speaks what the heart is full of. '

Matthew 12:34
Message--👉How you talk means thats the way your heart is full of! Even Jesus said it.


📖'A good man brings good things out of the good stored up in him, and an evil man brings evil things out of the evil stored up in him. '

Matthew 12:35
Warning--👉Becareful to whom you are with, because if they say, talk about bad things that is what is inside of those peoples, just like Jesus said it.


📖'But I tell you that everyone will have to give account on the day of judgment for every empty word they have spoken.
📖For by your words you will be acquitted, and by your words you will be condemned.” '

Matthew 12:36-37
Warning--👉On the day of judgement every person, will face God and tell him what they have done, on earth, just like in verse 37 it says "For by your words you will be acquitted, and by your words you will be condemned."
            That means that by your words you will be free to go to Heaven or go to Hell, thats why you are so blessed when you are still on earth, what i mean by that is that on earth you have the ability to serve God, repent,
             and many more chances.

--Niv ends here

--New King James Version
https://www.bible.com/bible/114/MAT._.NKJV


📖'“When an unclean spirit goes out of a man, he goes through dry places, seeking rest, and finds none.
📖Then he says, ‘I will return to my house from which I came.’ And when he comes, he finds it empty, swept, and put in order.
📖Then he goes and takes with him seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter and dwell there; and the last state of that man is worse than the first. So shall it also be with this wicked generation.”'

Matthew 12:43-45
Message--👉This is why the current generation is so wicked, the way Jesus said how demons go out to places and places 2000 years ago is still active today thats why this generation is so wicked.


📖'For whoever does the will of My Father in heaven is My brother and sister and mother.”'

Matthew 12:50
Message--👉God's servants are like a sibling in the eyes of God, not just in the eyes of God also us humans.


📖'When anyone hears the word of the kingdom, and does not understand it, then the wicked one comes and snatches away what was sown in his heart. This is he who received seed by the wayside. '

Matthew 13:19
Message--👉This is why many people don't serve God, its because their spiritual self, cannot see the Glory of God or hear it, and the enemy takes that chance from them to serve God at their last days.


📖'But he who received the seed on stony places, this is he who hears the word and immediately receives it with joy; yet he has no root in himself, but endures only for a while. For when tribulation or persecution arises because of the word, immediately he stumbles. '

Matthew 13:20-21
Message--👉Many people are like this, they receive the word with happiness and hope. In the day of problems because of the word that they applied to their life, they gaved up and start blaming God.


📖'But he who received seed on the good ground is he who hears the word and understands it, who indeed bears fruit and produces: some a hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty.”'

Matthew 13:23
Message--👉The true servant, is like a person that always serve God no matter what, like going through the narrow path, those people i meant.


📖'but while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat and went his way. '

Matthew 13:25
Warning--👉theres a time that when you, don't know that you have sinned, and you will have consequences like the tares those are one, thats why always be vigilant.
Warning--👉Theres also another meaning, which is like the world, the person who sowed the tares and wheat is the Son Of Man, the wheats are the good servant, the tares are the sinful peoples.


📖'The enemy who sowed them is the devil, the harvest is the end of the age, and the reapers are the angels. '

Matthew 13:39
Message--👉At the judgment day, the angels will take the tares (sons of the wicked) to gather them up, to burn them, and angels will also gather the wheat (Sons of the kingdom of Heaven) to gather them up
            and put them into God's barn


📖'So they were offended at Him. But Jesus said to them, “A prophet is not without honor except in his own country and in his own house.” '

Matthew 13:57
Message--👉In your neighborhood, people will see the bad things that you have done, not the good things, i can't say only because some people will still believe in your good things.


📖'And immediately Jesus stretched out His hand and caught him, and said to him, “O you of little faith, why did you doubt?” '

Matthew 14:31
Message--👉When your in an, bad situation in life, don't doubt God, and believe in him, focus on him not the situation. For he will comfort you


📖'‘These people draw near to Me with their mouth, And honor Me with their lips, But their heart is far from Me.'

Matthew 15:8
Warning--👉People tend to be clean on the outside, but is filthy shame in the inside.


📖'But He answered and said, “Every plant which My heavenly Father has not planted will be uprooted. Let them alone. They are blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind leads the blind, both will fall into a ditch.”'

Matthew 15:13-14
Message--👉A bad leader will lead a bad companions.


📖'Jesus answered and said to him, “Blessed are you, Simon Bar-Jonah, for flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but My Father who is in heaven. '

Matthew 16:17
Message--👉Blessed are you, if you see the glory of God. His salvation, grace and forgiveness.


📖'Then Jesus said to His disciples, “If anyone desires to come after Me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow Me. '

Matthew 16:24
Message--👉If you are willing to follow Christ, deny yourself, pickup your cross and follow him.


📖'For whoever desires to save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for My sake will find it. '

Matthew 16:25
Message--👉We God's servant don't wrestle against flesh and blood, we wrestle against demons. Don't hurt or buildup a hatred on a human
           Rebuke them in the name of our Jesus Christ savior, do not fear of your life losing it fear the one who can kill both soul and flesh.


📖'For what profit is it to a man if he gains the whole world, and loses his own soul? Or what will a man give in exchange for his soul? '

Matthew 16:26
Message--👉Imagine this, you've been working in this sinful world to get rich. BUT to just lose ur life without those materials. Thats why
            believe in Jesus what you bind in earth it shall bound also in heaven. Make treasures in earth for heavens.


📖'For the Son of Man will come in the glory of His Father with His angels, and then He will reward each according to his works. '

Matthew 16:27
Message--👉Like i said "Make treasures in earth for heaven" the verse is the meaning of message.


📖'“Assuredly, I say to you, there are some standing here who shall not taste death till they see the Son of Man coming in His kingdom.”'

Matthew 16:28
Message--👉How blessed we are! Brothers, sisters, mothers, fathers in Christ!


📖'So Jesus said to them, “Because of your unbelief; for assuredly, I say to you, if you have faith as a mustard seed, you will say to this mountain, ‘Move from here to there,’ and it will move; and nothing will be impossible for you. '
📖'However, this kind does not go out except by prayer and fasting.”'

Matthew 17:20-21
Message--👉What Jesus is saying is that, no matter how things gets hard just believe in Jesus himself, that whatever your facing it will be gone. Nothing is impossible


📖'and said, “Assuredly, I say to you, unless you are converted and become as little children, you will by no means enter the kingdom of heaven.
📖Therefore whoever humbles himself as this little child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. '

Matthew 18:3-4
Message--👉If you humble yourself to God, your set to heaven like Jesus said, thats why be humble no matter what.


📖'“Whoever causes one of these little ones who believe in Me to sin, it would be better for him if a millstone were hung around his neck, and he were drowned in the depth of the sea. '

Matthew 18:6
Message--👉This is the devil who drags people to sin, because in the end he will be bound for thousands of years, that he has no choose but to get many people to sin as soon as possible.


📖'“If your hand or foot causes you to sin, cut it off and cast it from you. It is better for you to enter into life lame or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet, to be cast into the everlasting fire.
📖And if your eye causes you to sin, pluck it out and cast it from you. It is better for you to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes, to be cast into hell fire.'

Matthew 18:8-9
Warning--👉This is not literal this is a metaphor, of how's the control that you have when your about to sin. This is how intense it is to flee from committing that sin.


📖'“What do you think? If a man has a hundred sheep, and one of them goes astray, does he not leave the ninety-nine and go to the mountains to seek the one that is straying?
📖And if he should find it, assuredly, I say to you, he rejoices more over that sheep than over the ninety-nine that did not go astray. 
📖Even so it is not the will of your Father who is in heaven that one of these little ones should perish.'

Matthew 18:12-14
Promise--👉This is how the Lord seeks for you when you are lost, when your about to go to the sinful world, or you are already in it. Your so blessed that our God is like this.


📖'And He answered and said to them, “Have you not read that He who made them at the beginning ‘made them male and female,’ 
📖and said, ‘For this reason a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh’ ? 
📖So then, they are no longer two but one flesh. Therefore what God has joined together, let not man separate.”'

Matthew 19:4-6
Promise--👉What God has joined let not man separate, just like Jesus said the woman or man that you married you shall not leave or forsake
           If its God's will make sure your wife or husband is from God or it will lead to chaos.


📖'And I say to you, whoever divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality, and marries another, commits adultery; and whoever marries her who is divorced commits adultery.”'

Matthew 19:9
Warning--👉Don't EVER, EVER divorce your wife or husband to have a different partner. It is a SIN! Like Jesus said in the verse, also he said
           "Sin no more." 


📖'Then little children were brought to Him that He might put His hands on them and pray, but the disciples rebuked them. 
📖But Jesus said, “Let the little children come to Me, and do not forbid them; for of such is the kingdom of heaven.” '

Matthew 19:13-14
Message--👉When you come closer to God from your sins like a dirty pig going near a very clean towel to clean themselves, God don't rebuke those pigs
           instead he washes them and clean them with his crystal clean towel, other God's (religion) will act like the disciple.


📖'Then Jesus said to His disciples, “Assuredly, I say to you that it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven.
📖And again I say to you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.” 
📖When His disciples heard it, they were greatly astonished, saying, “Who then can be saved?” 
📖But Jesus looked at them and said to them, “With men this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.”'

Matthew 19:23-26
Message--👉All things are POSSIBLE WITH GOD!


📖'Then Peter answered and said to Him, “See, we have left all and followed You. Therefore what shall we have?” 
📖So Jesus said to them, “Assuredly I say to you, that in the regeneration, when the Son of Man sits on the throne of His glory, you who have followed Me will also sit on twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel. 
📖And everyone who has left houses or brothers or sisters or father or mother or wife or children or lands, for My name’s sake, shall receive a hundredfold, and inherit eternal life. 
📖But many who are first will be last, and the last first.'

Matthew 19:27-30
Message--👉Don't worry if you have nothing or whatever is left for you, just keep in mind that God is always watching you and provides for you. Nothing is impossible with God.


📖'So the last will be first, and the first last. For many are called, but few chosen.”'

Matthew 20:16
Message--👉This was the parable of the workers in the vineyard, ingon si Jesus many ang called, which are those who were standing idle, ang mga chosen
           mga nag do gyud sa will sa Ginoo, pero ang mga last nga nag serve sa Ginoo mahimong first pero ang first mahimong last, katong na chosen sa Ginoo
           sa eleventh hour or ninth hour, was the chosen that was the last, and many people that were called don't agree with God so God gave them reward the same amount to
           those who were first, so don't complain kung onsay will sa Ginoo.

'just as the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give His life a ransom for many.”'

Matthew 20:28
Message--👉Jesus Christ said that he came to serve, which is God's will, he served God's will which is to die on the cross to pay the debt of our sins, so when you are
           about to sin always remember that God did not lead you to sin, he lead you to be save so don't sin just because Jesus died for your sins, you do not go to heaven through
           that way you go to heaven through following his will, if you love him you shall do his will, to not sin no more because Jesus died for your sins it is better to avoid sin, for he has already paid the debt to our sin
           again, don't sin just because he died for your sins, avoid sin, in that way you are being humble and being thankful to God like jesus said "Are you able to drink the cup that i am about to drink? and be baptized with the baptism that i am baptized with?"
           Jesus said in the verse that if you really want to be set yourself free from those sins you must do his will which is to love him with all our hearts and strength, and to never sin again which is repentance so yeah that show good our God is.


📖'So Jesus stood still and called them, and said, “What do you want Me to do for you?”'

Matthew 20:32
Message--👉When you are asking to God, with your problems and stuff, never worry about those things because worry is not from God it is from the devil, trust him like the two blind were trusting him
           they were warned by the multitudes, and lets say the devil was warning you to stop asking God or trusting or even following him, the devil will use his people to do that, and if you stood still
           God will help you the same way he healed those two blind man.


📖'Now in the morning, as He returned to the city, He was hungry. 
📖And seeing a fig tree by the road, He came to it and found nothing on it but leaves, and said to it, “Let no fruit grow on you ever again.” Immediately the fig tree withered away.'

Matthew 21:18-19
Warning--👉In the judgement day, God will judge those who sinned and did alot of bad things in life. Jesus will come to those people like the fig tree
           if they have produced good fruit, and if you didn't you will suffer in hell where there's gnashing of teeth and shouts.


📖'And when the disciples saw it, they marveled, saying, “How did the fig tree wither away so soon?” 
📖So Jesus answered and said to them, “Assuredly, I say to you, if you have faith and do not doubt, you will not only do what was done to the fig tree, but also if you say to this mountain, ‘Be removed and be cast into the sea,’ it will be done. 
📖And whatever things you ask in prayer, believing, you will receive.”'

Matthew 21:20-22
Promise--👉Philippians 4:13 Nothing is Impossible through Christ who strengthens me.


📖'“But what do you think? A man had two sons, and he came to the first and said, ‘Son, go, work today in my vineyard.’ 
📖He answered and said, ‘I will not,’ but afterward he regretted it and went. 
📖Then he came to the second and said likewise. And he answered and said, ‘I go, sir,’ but he did not go. 
📖Which of the two did the will of his father?” They said to Him, “The first.” Jesus said to them, “Assuredly, I say to you that tax collectors and harlots enter the kingdom of God before you. 
📖For John came to you in the way of righteousness, and you did not believe him; but tax collectors and harlots believed him; and when you saw it, you did not afterward relent and believe him.'

Matthew 21:28-32
Message--👉Jesus was talking to the chief priests and elders of the people when they confronted Jesus. Jesus talks about it explaining how hardened their heart is, through a 
           parable, and what i received is that if you plant some seed through sharing the gospel, people will not do it BUT there's a time not guaranteed because some seeds will
           land on the bad soil or rock, there's a time that they will feel guilty of what they have done and will follow Christ for forgiveness and acceptance as a sinner, humble themselves and
           believe that Jesus is the true God and savior.


📖'And whoever falls on this stone will be broken; but on whomever it falls, it will grind him to powder.”'

Matthew 21:44
Warning--👉Jesus was talking about the chief priests and elders of the people. jesus was talking about what could happen to a person if they were
           on a fake Christian church or a bad company that they may be broken and be grind into powder thats how great bad things could happen if you did indeed
           were on a wicked group.


📖'“For many are called, but few are chosen.”'

Matthew 22:14
Message--👉Many are called but few are chosen, just like how people say that they follow Christ but they watch their surroundings like how Peter behave when Jesus said that
           "Come Peter if you believes" Peter did indeed come and walked in the water BUT he was scared of the waves (surroundings) and he drowns but Jesus reaches his hand and pulled
           him out of the water and say "you little of faith, why did you doubt." when you consider yourself a true Christian don't doubt Jesus Christ you doubt by thinking about your problems
           worries, etc, etc. Although God will reach his hand to you, if you doubt, but remember all the time don't doubt God.


;CONTEXT
📖'Then the Pharisees went and plotted how they might entangle Him in His talk. 
📖And they sent to Him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, “Teacher, we know that You are true, and teach the way of God in truth; nor do You care about anyone, for You do not regard the person of men. 
📖Tell us, therefore, what do You think? Is it lawful to pay taxes to Caesar, or not?” 
📖But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, “Why do you test Me, you hypocrites? 
📖Show Me the tax money.” So they brought Him a denarius. 
📖And He said to them, “Whose image and inscription is this?”'

;MESSAGE
📖'They said to Him, “Caesar’s.” And He said to them, “Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar’s, and to God the things that are God’s.” '

Matthew 22:15-21
Message--👉In verse 21, tells us that we are from God, he's our shepherd we shall follow him, God will left his 99 sheeps to find the 1 lost sheep.


;CONTEXT
📖'But when the Pharisees heard that He had silenced the Sadducees, they gathered together. 
📖Then one of them, a lawyer, asked Him a question, testing Him, and saying, 
📖“Teacher, which is the great commandment in the law?”'
;MESSAGE
📖'Jesus said to him, “ ‘You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your mind.’ '

Matthew 22:34-37
Message--👉Love the Lord your God, as you love your neighbors do not build hate but love them because you love God, if you love God
           you shall do his commandments


📖'This is the first and great commandment. 
📖And the second is like it: ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ '
📖'On these two commandments hang all the Law and the Prophets.”'

Matthew 22:38-40
Message--👉Just like i said in the previous impact words


📖25 “Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You clean the outside of the cup and dish, but inside they are full of greed and self-indulgence. 
📖26 Blind Pharisee! First clean the inside of the cup and dish, and then the outside also will be clean.

Matthew 23:25-26
Message--👉If you sin admit that you are worthy of being thrown in hell, and that the way that you can get away from that is through faith in Jesus alone, faith leads you to
           do good works, not because that you want to prove your self is good but because you understand the love of Jesus Christ


27 “Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You are like whitewashed tombs, which look beautiful on the outside but on the inside are full of the bones of the dead and everything unclean. 28 In the same way, on the outside you appear to people as righteous but on the inside you are full of hypocrisy and wickedness.

Matthew 23:27-28
Message--👉Never go full lukewarm christian.


📖4 Jesus answered: “Watch out that no one deceives you. 
📖5 For many will come in my name, claiming, ‘I am the Messiah,’ and will deceive many. 
📖6 You will hear of wars and rumors of wars, but see to it that you are not alarmed. Such things must happen, but the end is still to come. 
📖7 Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. There will be famines and earthquakes in various places. 
📖8 All these are the beginning of birth pains.

Matthew 24:4-8
Message--👉This is indeed happening to the current world, he is near to come, just as Jesus said, but do not worry for he is with you, don't worry because you already know this will happen.


📖35 Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will never pass away.

Matthew 24:35
Message--👉That's why i read the bible, his words will never pass away.


📖35 For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me, 
📖36 I was naked and you clothed me, I was sick and you visited me, I was in prison and you came to me.’

Matthew 25:35-36
Message--👉Jesus said that we took him and care him, like a homeless man, we clothe him when he was naked, we gave him food when he was starving. The "we" is the believers, 
           Jesus beautifully explained how he was looking for people who was willing to accept him and have an relationship with him.

NIV VERSION

📖10 Aware of this, Jesus said to them, “Why are you bothering this woman? She has done a beautiful thing to me.
📖11 The poor you will always have with you,[a] but you will not always have me.

Matthew 26:10-11 
Message--👉This verse talks about Jesus saying that thing always be with you, but you won't always have me. It's really a deep meaning how Jesus know that many will know him and abandon him later. So always stick to God never loosen your relationship with God.


📖28 They stripped him and put a scarlet robe on him,
📖29 and then twisted together a crown of thorns and set it on his head. They put a staff in his right hand. Then they knelt in front of him and mocked him. “Hail, king of the Jews!” they said.
📖30 They spit on him, and took the staff and struck him on the head again and again.
📖31 After they had mocked him, they took off the robe and put his own clothes on him. Then they led him away to crucify him.

Matthew 27:28-31
Message--👉This verse shows how Jesus suffered for our sins, and that's why we should be thankful and willing to submit to God, for it is done. By the sacrificing of Jesus Christ for our sins.


📖17 When they saw him, they worshiped him; but some doubted. 18 Then Jesus came to them and said, “All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.
📖18 Then Jesus came to them and said, “All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.
📖19 Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,
📖20 and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.”

Matthew 28:17-20
Message--👉Some doubted Jesus Christ, and in 18-20 It's so amazing how Jesus (God) shows that he is and will be the one that you shall follow and prove you that he is God and your true Lord showing it by his Words and Love, amen.
